## RSD-Bispec

This package computes the multipoles of redshift space bispectrum.
There are four files 

 - "multipoles.py" 
 - "terms.py"
 - "bispec_functions.py"
 - "kernels.py"
 - Additional "pk.dat" provides matter power spectrum calculated using CLASSS code.

### Installation: 
Download the package in the directory of your choice and import "multipoles.py".


### Description

#### multipoles.py:
It is the master file. To compute any multipole user need to
    >> import "multipoles.py" as ml .
Then, any multipole can be computed using the following form
 ml.multipole(l,m,k_1, mu,t,beta_1,b_1,gamma_2)
The details of each argument can be found in ref[1]. 

"multipoles.py" imports the other mentioned files.

#### terms.py 
It computes the R,S,T terms as described in ref[1].

#### bispec_functions.py 
It sets the cosmological parameters. It 
interpolates the externally provided matter power spectrum, P(k), [pk.dat] 
and it can extrapolate the value of P(k) at any redshift z assuming 
an $\Lambda$-CDM cosmology.

#### kernels.py 
It provides the expression of second-order standard 
perturbation theory (SPT) kernels as F and G in terms of 
$\mu = \cos(\theta)$ and $t = k_2/k_1$. The difference between F and G is also computed as dG

#### pk.dat
It is a data file generated by Boltzmann code CLASS which 
provides the matter power spectrum. The cosmological parameters used 
to generate "pk.dat" were set as per Planck's 2015 results[2].


--------------------------
-Written by
Somnath Bharadwaj, Debanjan Sarkar, Arindam Mazumdar

references:

[1] Mazumdar, Arindam and Bharadwaj, Somnath and Sarkar, Debanjan,
    Quantifying the Redshift Space Distortion of the Bispectrum II: 
    Induced Non-Gaussianity at Second Order Perturbation
    
    https://arxiv.org/abs/2005.07066
    
[2] Planck paper: https://arxiv.org/abs/1502.01589
